[Autogenerated] There are cases where we can't ransom
business logic in a lambda function or we don't want to do
depending on different scenarios, it could be security reasons performance.
The logic needs to run longer than Linda function support or
any other reasons with step functions,
adding a workflow step which has called that runs on your own infrastructure,
it's possible we can achieve these using activities.
Activities are a step function feature that enables us to
have a worker as a task which can basically run anywhere we
want toe for these ____ more.
We are going to use the report generation work floor created
earlier and replace encryption step with an activity which will
run on our own local environment.
Basically,
we are going to run the encryption step on our own local machine instead,
off a land a function, the rest of the logic will be the same.
Let's start by creating a new activity.
To do so,
we need to navigate to the activity section and create a new one from there.
An activity on Lee needs a name and let's name it encryption activity.
Since we're going to use this for the encryption step,
that's sweet activity and Kobe, it's Aaron.
Once activity is created,
we need to copy its air and because we're going to need
this on the steppe definition now,
let's not get back to our workflow and change the encryption step to use
the activity the local worker in this demo will use.
Know Js but you can use any programming language off your choice.
The AWS sdk makes it very easy for us to create a worker activity.
Activities are made up of four main parts.
First,
we need to load activity tasks continuously and
perform work as soon as we get a task.
Next, we need to notify if the job was successful or if the job was a failure.
And finally, if our task takes a long time to complete,
we need to continuously send a heartbeat.
So our work so does no time out.
Let's inspect our worker called line by line.
First,
we need to define an instance off step functions when you to
specify a region and credentials as its para meters.
We are also going to need the activity Aaron that we created earlier.
This is what we used to get asks for an activity.
Now let's look at the get activity task function,
which falls for available jobs to run.
We can get the next available jobs around using the get activity test.
On the step functions FBI, which takes in an activity Aaron as a perimeter.
The output of the faction will be a task talk in which we need to
use later to change the status of the job on dhe.
The input of the step, the input off the step was a property called file,
which is the UN included report file Once we know which file we wantto in cream,
we loved that file from ESRI.
We do that using the get report file function.
We won't focus on the logic of the functions that are not activity related.
You will find the source code in exercise fires.
Once we have the report pile, we encrypt it.
Next we send the heartbeat using the scent.
Ask heartbeat.
This is so our workflow does not terminate if the encryption takes a long time.
Koran or we have a slow Internet connection.
Next, we need to upload the encrypted file back to a street.
If that process is successful, we notify our activity,
using the scent task, success matter and passing the task toker that we got.
When we treat the task and a notebook, the output is a string property,
so we need to stand if I eat first.
In our case, the output is encrypted.
Report you are L, which will live inside the payload property,
and if anything goes wrong, we call the San task failure matter.
We're stealing to pass in the desk,
talking as that is the identified for the test,
and we can pass an optional cause for the error,
which will help the workload.
Designers better understand the failures.
Thes functionality is on a loop,
so it continues to look for available work to perform,
and one work is available.
It picks it up.
That's had to with the workflow and starting your execution.
Execution will hold on the encryption step until we run a local worker.
Now let's head back to our local worker and started.
If you are using the exercise files for the project,
you can start the worker using the test Js file by running it using node,
you can do so doing no.
That's got GS, and as soon as we ran in,
our workers start to look for a new job,
and as soon as it found one, it executed it.
This was an input file on the desk talking.
The input file is the report file, which is unencrypted.
Report file.
Now we can head back to our work floor,
which should have been completed back on the local worker.
It will continue to pull for available jobs as we can see it in the council.
And as soon as it finds another job, it will execute it.
That's all for using activities with step function.
Works lost.
They offer us a great flexibility when our business logic can be on a server,
less function or in the cloud altogether.
It's important to keep in mind that if you are using express work flows,
activities are not supported.
Since express work flows are mental,
run at very high rates on DDE can leave only upto five minutes.
Using this knowledge, try changing other workflow steps to activities.
For example,
the report generation step so you can better understand the disconnected nature off activities